README.md, before:

# EncryptDecrypt

Simple HTML page for encrypting and decrypting a file with a password.

## Encrypting a file

- Select a file with the encrypt button.
- Gives a password.
- Save the encrypted file.

## Decrypting a file

- Select a file with the decrypt button or type the file url.
- Gives the password used for encryption.
- Save the decrypted file. JPEG, PNG, PDF and HTML files are directly opened in the browser.

## lauch EncryptDecrypt and directly start decrypting a file

add "?fil=" followed by the file url base 64 encoded to the EncryptDecrypt url. 

Sample : [https://wwwouaiebe.github.io/EncryptDecrypt/?fil=aHR0cHM6Ly93d3dvdWFpZWJlLmdpdGh1Yi5pby9FbmNyeXB0RGVjcnlwdC9zYW1wbGUuZW5j](https://wwwouaiebe.github.io/EncryptDecrypt/?fil=aHR0cHM6Ly93d3dvdWFpZWJlLmdpdGh1Yi5pby9FbmNyeXB0RGVjcnlwdC9zYW1wbGUuZW5j)

The password is (Mush1544room)

## What if I forgott the password

No solution... put the file to the bin.

## Demo

Go to the [demo - en ](https://wwwouaiebe.github.io/EncryptDecrypt/)

## How to install

Simply download the project and copy the dist/index.html file to your computer or server.
No others files needed. CSS and Javascript are included in the index.html file.

Only tested with Firefox Nightly 72...

Commit message:

Added test https and crypto functions

README.md, after:

# EncryptDecrypt

Simple HTML page for encrypting and decrypting a file with a password.

## Warning

- For security reasons, this page works only with the HTTPS protocol. 
- This page don't work with MS Edge because crypto functions are not correct in MS Edge.

## Encrypting a file

- Select a file with the encrypt button.
- Gives a password.
- Save the encrypted file.

## Decrypting a file

- Select a file with the decrypt button or type the file url.
- Gives the password used for encryption.
- Save the decrypted file. JPEG, PNG, PDF and HTML files are directly opened in the browser.

## lauch EncryptDecrypt and directly start decrypting a file

add "?fil=" followed by the file url base 64 encoded to the EncryptDecrypt url. 

Sample : [https://wwwouaiebe.github.io/EncryptDecrypt/?fil=aHR0cHM6Ly93d3dvdWFpZWJlLmdpdGh1Yi5pby9FbmNyeXB0RGVjcnlwdC9zYW1wbGUuZW5j](https://wwwouaiebe.github.io/EncryptDecrypt/?fil=aHR0cHM6Ly93d3dvdWFpZWJlLmdpdGh1Yi5pby9FbmNyeXB0RGVjcnlwdC9zYW1wbGUuZW5j)

The password is (Mush1544room)

## What if I forgott the password

No solution... put the file to the bin.

## Demo

Go to the [demo - en ](https://wwwouaiebe.github.io/EncryptDecrypt/)

## How to install

Simply download the project and copy the dist/index.html file to your computer or server.
No others files needed. CSS and Javascript are included in the index.html file.

Only tested with Firefox Nightly 72...
